Same-page paragraph joins, d35285f -> candidate (each reviewed on a source strip)
p17: …l its majesty in the air, the balloon was little more than a ‖ billowing heap of cloth capable of no more than a one-way, d…
p33: … be at least 23 years of age, be able to read, write, speak, ‖ and understand the English language, and be “of good moral s…
p52: …t key decision points during the flight or when an emergency ‖ arises. These decision points include preflight, pretakeoff,…
p76: …The shape and design of a wing is dependent upon the type of ‖ operation for which an aircraft is intended and is tailored …
p77: …lane up and down during flight. Trim tabs are small, movable ‖ portions of the trailing edge of the control surface. These …
p78: …ce that helps move the airplane through the air. A propeller ‖ is a rotating airfoil that produces thrust through aerodynam…
p84: …truments indicate the position of the aircraft relative to a ‖ selected navigation facility or fix. They also provide pilot…
p90: …as established this as a worldwide standard, and it is often ‖ referred to as International Standard Atmosphere (ISA) or IC…
p95: … principles predict and contribute to the formation of lift, ‖ lift is a complex subject. The production of lift is much mo…
p99: …ction of flight and acts as if it were drag. In slow flight, ‖ thrust has an upward component. But because the aircraft is …
p103: …round the edges until it eventually rejoins downstream. Form ‖ drag is the easiest to reduce when designing an aircraft. Th…
p104: …as downwash. Figure 5-10 shows the difference in downwash at ‖ altitude versus near the ground. Bearing in mind the directi…
p106: …ring the takeoff, climb, and landing phases of flight. These ‖ vortices lead to a particularly dangerous hazard to flight, …
p108: …eduction of the wingtip vortices due to ground effect alters ‖ the spanwise lift distribution and reduces the induced AOA a…
p113: …ow over the wing is decreased. As a result of this decreased ‖ flow of air over the wing, the downwash is reduced, causing …
p114: … [Figures 5-26 and 5-27] In this case, as power or thrust is ‖ increased a moment is produced to counteract the down load o…
p116: …of heading. Therefore, after a slight yawing of the aircraft ‖ to the right, there is a brief moment when the aircraft is s…
p121: …t, again become balanced when the airspeed stabilizes but at ‖ a value lower than in straight-and-level flight at the same …
p126: …ts motion, which is both rotational and forward. As shown by ‖ the vectors of propeller forces in Figure 5-44, each section…
p127: …per revolution is small, the rpm and slipstream velocity are ‖ high, and with the low aircraft speed, there is maximum thru…
p131: …, the ROT varies with the airspeed—the higher the speed, the ‖ slower the ROT. This compensates for added centrifugal force…
p137: …preflight briefing. Never assume three passengers are always ‖ of equal weight. Instead, do a full computation of all items…
p140: …, even when the load is within the CG limits and the maximum ‖ permissible gross weight. Important among these effects are …
p145: …ingtips rather than at the wing roots. [Figure 5-69] This is ‖ because the boundary layer tends to flow spanwise toward the…
p150: …involves Intelligent Flight Control Systems (IFCS). The goal ‖ of this project is to develop an adaptive neural network-bas…
p152: …aileron into the airflow and creates drag. It helps equalize ‖ the drag created by the lowered aileron on the opposite wing…
p153: … control column in the flight deck by a series of mechanical ‖ linkages. Aft movement of the control column deflects the tr…
p156: …the pilot, a control mixing mechanism moves each surface the ‖ appropriate amount. The control system for the V-tail is mor…
p158: …ly hands-off within only a very limited combination of these ‖ variables. Trim systems are used to relieve the pilot of the…
p165: …cruise. Whether the airplane has a climb or cruise propeller ‖ installed depends upon its intended use. The climb propeller…
p183: …density decreases with an increase in temperature, increased ‖ temperatures also results in decreased thrust. While both tu…
p194: …tended and has the advantage of simplicity combined with low ‖ maintenance. Retractable landing gear is designed to streaml…
p198: …to older regulations had cannulas installed with an on-board ‖ oxygen system. However, current regulations require aircraft…
p199: …tain precautions should be observed whenever aircraft oxygen ‖ systems are to be serviced. Oxygen system servicing should b…
p200: …te the operating limits for boot operation. Some systems may ‖ also incorporate an annunciator light to indicate proper boo…
p201: …e boots. The propeller boot is divided into two sections—the ‖ inboard and the outboard sections. The boots are imbedded wi…
p205: …e aneroid wafers (29.92 "Hg), then the wafers are compressed ‖ until the pressure inside the wafers is equal to the surroun…
p214: …isplays (MFD). This has changed not only what information is ‖ available to a pilot, but also how the information is displa…
p217: … example of rigidity in space is that of a bicycle wheel. As ‖ the bicycle wheels increase speed, they become more stable i…
p218: … in the aircraft’s instrument panel and indicates the amount ‖ of pressure in the system (vacuum is measured in inches of m…
p219: …n a standard-rate turn by aligning the wing of the miniature ‖ aircraft with the turn index. Figure 8-22 shows a picture of…
p220: …g. A yaw string is simply a string or piece of yarn attached ‖ to the center of the wind screen. When in coordinated flight…
p226: … Chicago is called the agonic line. Anywhere along this line ‖ the two poles are aligned, and there is no variation. East o…
p233: …ed. Both instruments depict the maximum operating limit with ‖ a red radial line and the normal operating range with a gree…
p240: …her be repaired or deferred in accordance with the MEL. Upon ‖ confirming that daytime flight with inoperative position lig…
p250: …n-lb moment will balance the board. For example (illustrated ‖ in Figure 10-4), if a 100-pound weight is placed at a point …
p254: …ge is proportional to the amount of weight moved. Since many ‖ aircraft have forward and aft baggage compartments, weight m…
p262: …ircraft acquires mechanical energy when it moves. Mechanical ‖ energy comes in two forms: (1) Kinetic Energy (KE), the ener…
p263: …or maximum AOC performance, a pilot flies the aircraft at VX ‖ so as to achieve maximum altitude increase with minimum hori…
p267: …ts absolute altitude. There is negligible variation of brake ‖ specific fuel consumption for values of brake horsepower bel…
p270: …avoided. When the runway is wet, anticipate braking problems ‖ well before landing and be prepared for hydroplaning. Opt fo…
p282: …ion, as well as landing distance over a 50 foot obstacle. As ‖ usual, read the associated conditions and notes in order to …
p286: …s from the ground up. Four distinct layers or spheres of the ‖ atmosphere have been identified using thermal characteristic…
p288: …titude, creating an area of high pressure as it sinks toward ‖ the surface. Then, it flows southward along the surface back…
p289: …ly an aneroid barometer. It is important to note that due to ‖ the linkage mechanism of an aneroid barometer, it is not as …
p290: …to obtain enough lift for takeoff; therefore, the ground run ‖ is longer. An aircraft that requires 745 feet of ground run …
p291: …e northern side of a low-pressure system. An added advantage ‖ is a better understanding of what type of weather to expect …
p294: …f the mountain, the wind on the leeward side does not act in ‖ a similar manner. As the air flows down the leeward side of …
p295: … can produce downdrafts of up to 6,000 feet per minute (fpm) ‖ and headwind losses of 30–90 knots, seriously degrading perf…
p296: …st few thousand feet above the surface. Close to the ground, ‖ wind direction is modified by the friction and wind speed de…
p299: …d is required to form advection fog. Winds of up to 15 knots ‖ allow the fog to form and intensify; above a speed of 15 kno…
p306: …ich lifting action of the air begins. If sufficient moisture ‖ and instability are present, the clouds continue to increase…
p323: …marillo, Texas (AMA) is 3,605 feet, so the lowest reportable ‖ altitude is 6,000 feet for the forecast winds. In this case,…
p346: …ow background indicating a destination at the airport. These ‖ signs always have an arrow showing the direction of the taxi…
p350: …for landing. The system configuration depends on whether the ‖ runway is a precision or nonprecision instrument runway. Som…
p358: … vigilant when not using the radio. Other traffic may not as ‖ easily be aware of your presence when they are expecting the…
p360: …] In addition to basic radar service, terminal radar service ‖ area (TRSA) has been implemented at certain terminal locatio…
p368: …ring reduced visibility conditions. Always comply with “hold ‖ short” or crossing instructions when approaching an entrance…
p371: …efing prior to takeoff or during the approach briefing prior ‖ to commencing the approach. Following the guidance below ens…
p379: …ollowed by a number (e.g., A-211) to inform nonparticipating ‖ pilots of areas that may contain a high volume of pilot trai…
p381: … en route charts depict all IR routes and all VR routes that ‖ accommodate operations above 1,500 feet AGL. IR routes are c…
p401: …not drawn; instead, construct a similar triangle as shown by ‖ the blue, yellow, and black lines in Figure 16-20, which is …
p404: … station frequency (UNICOM), types of fuel available (use to ‖ decide on refueling stops), FSS located on the airport, cont…
p419: …apable aircraft) to a hand-held receiver. The limitations of ‖ each type of receiver installation or use must be understood…
p427: …ondition, which also causes a temporary reduction in hearing ‖ sensitivity, pinch the nostrils shut, close the mouth and li…
p428: … has a section full of fine hairs. Acceleration of the inner ‖ ear in any direction causes the tiny hairs to deflect, which…
p429: …ill then experience the sensation of turning in the opposite ‖ direction causing the disoriented pilot to return the aircra…
p437: …epends on the ability to make the correct decisions and take ‖ the appropriate actions during routine occurrences, as well …
p439: …e of these drugs may cause a stimulant reaction, even though ‖ this reaction is not their primary function. In some cases, …
p443: … a result, it is referred to as the blind spot that everyone ‖ has in each eye. Under normal binocular vision conditions (b…
p444: …of vision. To see an object clearly at night, the pilot must ‖ expose the rods to the image. This can be done by looking 5°…
p447: …ed in the blood. Hypoxia caused by carbon monoxide poisoning ‖ affects peripheral vision and dark adaptation. The results a…
p450: … SVS display. [Figure 17-25] During approach operations, the ‖ obvious advantages of SVS are that the digital terrain image…

List items continued into the next column
p211: …ap stall speed and its upper limit provides the maximum flap ‖ speed. Approaches and landings are usually flown at speeds w…
p334: …e most pertinent information to that specific flight without ‖ creating a distraction. Pilots may need to adjust the amount…
p362: …t executing a low approach, missed approach, or touch-and-go ‖ landing (since vortices settle and move laterally near the g…
p413: … inbound radial and use this radial. Fly a heading that will ‖ maintain the course. If the aircraft drifts, fly a heading t…
p436: …s may cause the material to enter the lungs and cause severe ‖ lung damage. Should vomiting occur, keep head below the hips…

Pages changed otherwise: 2, 3, 5, 6, 211, 251, 298, 334, 362, 413, 436, 453, 461, 473, 477, 513
