===== page 2
  para -These Guidelines mark the most significant reset of federal nutrition policy in our nation’s history. The message is simple: eat real food.
  para +These Guidelines mark the most significant reset of federal nutrition policy in our nation’s history.
  para +The message is simple: eat real food.
  para -The consequences have been devastating. More than 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.2 Nearly one in three American adolescents between the ages of 12 and 17 has prediabetes.3 Diet-driven chronic disease now disqualifies large numbers of young Americans from military service, undermining national readiness and cutting off a historic pathway to opportunity and upward mobility.4 For decades, federal incentives have promoted low-quality, highly processed foods and pharmaceutical intervention instead of prevention. This crisis is the result of poor policy choices; inadequate nutrition research; and a lack of coordination across federal, state, local, and private partners. This changes today.
  para +The consequences have been devastating. More than 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.2 Nearly one in three American adolescents between the ages of 12 and 17 has prediabetes.3 Diet-driven chronic disease now disqualifies large numbers of young Americans from military service, undermining national readiness and cutting off a historic pathway to opportunity and upward mobility.4
  para +For decades, federal incentives have promoted low-quality, highly processed foods and pharmaceutical intervention instead of prevention. This crisis is the result of poor policy choices; inadequate nutrition research; and a lack of coordination across federal, state, local, and private partners.
  para +This changes today.
  para -We are putting real food back at the center of the American diet. Real food that nourishes the body. Real food that restores health. Real food that fuels energy and encourages movement and exercise. Real food that builds strength. Under President Trump’s leadership, we are restoring common sense, scientific integrity, and accountability to federal food and health policy—and we are reclaiming the food pyramid and returning it to its true purpose of educating and nourishing all Americans.
  para +We are putting real food back at the center of the American diet. Real food that nourishes the body. Real food that restores health. Real food that fuels energy and encourages movement and exercise. Real food that builds strength.
  para +Under President Trump’s leadership, we are restoring common sense, scientific integrity, and accountability to federal food and health policy—and we are reclaiming the food pyramid and returning it to its true purpose of educating and nourishing all Americans.
  para -America’s future depends on what we grow, what we serve, and what we choose to eat. This is the foundation that will Make America Healthy Again. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
  para +America’s future depends on what we grow, what we serve, and what we choose to eat.
  para +This is the foundation that will Make America Healthy Again.
  para +Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
  para +Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
  para -Secretary,
  para -Secretary,
  para -U.S. Department of Health and
  para -U.S. Department of Agriculture
  para -Human Services
  para +Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture
  text delete: 'Brooke L. Rollins Secretary,' -> ''
  text insert: '' -> 'Human Services Brooke L. Rollins Secretary,'
  text delete: 'Human Services' -> ''
===== page 3
  para -+ Prioritize high-quality, nutrient-dense protein
  para -+ Consume meat with no or limited added
  para -foods as part of a healthy dietary pattern.
  para -sugars, refined carbohydrates or starches,
  para -+ Consume a variety of protein foods from
  para -or chemical additives. If preferred, flavor
  para -animal sources, including eggs, poultry,
  para -with salt, spices, and herbs.
  para -seafood, and red meat, as well as a variety
  para -+ Protein serving goals: 1.2–1.6 grams of
  para -of plant-sourced protein foods, including
  para -protein per kilogram of body weight per
  para -beans, peas, lentils, legumes, nuts, seeds,
  para -day, adjusting as needed based on your
  para -and soy.
  para -individual caloric requirements.
  para ++ Prioritize high-quality, nutrient-dense protein foods as part of a healthy dietary pattern.
  para ++ Consume a variety of protein foods from animal sources, including eggs, poultry, seafood, and red meat, as well as a variety of plant-sourced protein foods, including beans, peas, lentils, legumes, nuts, seeds, and soy.
  para ++ Consume meat with no or limited added sugars, refined carbohydrates or starches, or chemical additives. If preferred, flavor with salt, spices, and herbs.
  para ++ Protein serving goals: 1.2–1.6 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight per day, adjusting as needed based on your individual caloric requirements.
  text delete: '+ Consume meat with no or limited added' -> ''
  text delete: 'sugars, refined carbohydrates or starches,' -> ''
  text delete: 'or chemical additives. If preferred, flavor' -> ''
  text delete: 'with salt, spices, and herbs.' -> ''
  text delete: '+ Protein serving goals: 1.2–1.6 grams of' -> ''
  text delete: 'protein per kilogram of body weight per' -> ''
  text delete: 'day, adjusting as needed based on your' -> ''
  text delete: 'individual caloric requirements.' -> ''
  text insert: '' -> '+ Consume meat with no or limited added sugars, refined carbohydrates or starches, or chemical additives. If preferred, flavor with salt, spices, and herbs. + Protein serving goals: 1.2–1.6 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight per day, adjusting as needed based on your individual caloric req'
===== page 4
  para -+ Prioritize fiber-rich whole grains. + Significantly reduce the consumption of highly processed, refined carbohydrates, such as white bread, ready-to-eat or packaged breakfast options, flour tortillas, and crackers.
  para ++ Prioritize fiber-rich whole grains.
  para ++ Significantly reduce the consumption of highly processed, refined carbohydrates, such as white bread, ready-to-eat or packaged breakfast options, flour tortillas, and crackers.
===== page 5
  para -+ Avoid highly processed packaged, prepared, ready-to-eat, or other foods that are salty or sweet, such as chips, cookies, and candy that have added sugars and sodium (salt). Instead, prioritize nutrient-dense foods and home-prepared meals. When dining out, choose nutrient-dense options. + Limit foods and beverages that include artificial flavors, petroleum-based dyes, artificial preservatives, and low-calorie non-nutritive sweeteners.
  para ++ Avoid highly processed packaged, prepared, ready-to-eat, or other foods that are salty or sweet, such as chips, cookies, and candy that have added sugars and sodium (salt). Instead, prioritize nutrient-dense foods and home-prepared meals. When dining out, choose nutrient-dense options.
  para ++ Limit foods and beverages that include artificial flavors, petroleum-based dyes, artificial preservatives, and low-calorie non-nutritive sweeteners.
  para -+ To help identify sources of added sugars, look for ingredients that include the word “sugar” or “syrup” or end in “-ose.” + Added sugars may appear on ingredient labels under many different names, including high-fructose corn syrup, agave syrup, corn syrup, rice syrup, fructose, glucose, dextrose, sucrose, cane sugar, beet sugar, turbinado sugar, maltose, lactose, fruit juice concentrate, honey, and molasses. Examples of non-nutritive sweeteners include aspartame, sucralose, saccharin, xylitol, and acesulfame K. + Some foods and drinks, such as fruits and plain milk, have naturally occurring sugars. The sugars in these foods are not considered added sugars.
  para ++ To help identify sources of added sugars, look for ingredients that include the word “sugar” or “syrup” or end in “-ose.”
  para ++ Added sugars may appear on ingredient labels under many different names, including high-fructose corn syrup, agave syrup, corn syrup, rice syrup, fructose, glucose, dextrose, sucrose, cane sugar, beet sugar, turbinado sugar, maltose, lactose, fruit juice concentrate, honey, and molasses. Examples of non-nutritive sweeteners include aspartame, sucralose, saccharin, xylitol, and acesulfame K.
  para ++ Some foods and drinks, such as fruits and plain milk, have naturally occurring sugars. The sugars in these foods are not considered added sugars.
===== page 9
  para -+ Following the Dietary Guidelines will support
  para -bone health to achieve peak bone mass and peak
  para -optimal health during this period, including
  para -bone strength is essential. Additionally, following
  para -reducing risk of the onset or progression of
  para -the Dietary Guidelines can support reproductive
  para -chronic disease and supporting other aspects of
  para -health for both women and men—with special
  para -health. The brain continues to mature during young
  para -emphasis on healthy fats, iron, and folate for
  para -adulthood. While the most significant increases in
  para -women and healthy fats and protein for men.
  para -bone density occur during adolescence, optimizing
  para ++ Following the Dietary Guidelines will support optimal health during this period, including reducing risk of the onset or progression of chronic disease and supporting other aspects of health. The brain continues to mature during young adulthood. While the most significant increases in bone density occur during adolescence, optimizing bone health to achieve peak bone mass and peak bone strength is essential. Additionally, following the Dietary Guidelines can support reproductive health for both women and men—with special emphasis on healthy fats, iron, and folate for women and healthy fats and protein for men.
  para -+ Lactation increases energy and nutrient needs
  para -eggs, and dairy; omega-3–rich seafood; folate-rich
  para -to support milk production and maternal health.
  para -legumes; and vitamin A–rich vegetables.
  para -Breastfeeding women should consume a wide
  para -+ Women should talk to their health care professional
  para -variety of nutrient-dense foods, including vitamin
  para -about whether dietary supplements may be needed
  para -B12–rich protein sources such as meats, poultry,
  para -while breastfeeding.
  para ++ Lactation increases energy and nutrient needs to support milk production and maternal health. Breastfeeding women should consume a wide variety of nutrient-dense foods, including vitamin B12–rich protein sources such as meats, poultry, eggs, and dairy; omega-3–rich seafood; folate-rich legumes; and vitamin A–rich vegetables.
  para ++ Women should talk to their health care professional about whether dietary supplements may be needed while breastfeeding.
  text insert: '' -> 'optimal health during this period, including reducing risk of the onset or progression of chronic disease and supporting other aspects of health. The brain continues to mature during young adulthood. While the most significant increases in bone density occur during adolescence, optimizing'
  text delete: 'optimal health during this period, including' -> ''
  text delete: 'reducing risk of the onset or progression of' -> ''
  text delete: 'chronic disease and supporting other aspects of' -> ''
  text delete: 'health. The brain continues to mature during young' -> ''
  text delete: 'adulthood. While the most significant increases in' -> ''
  text delete: 'bone density occur during adolescence, optimizing' -> ''
  text delete: 'eggs, and dairy; omega-3–rich seafood; folate-rich' -> ''
  text delete: 'legumes; and vitamin A–rich vegetables.' -> ''
  text insert: '' -> 'variety of nutrient-dense foods, including vitamin B12–rich protein sources such as meats, poultry, eggs, and dairy; omega-3–rich seafood; folate-rich legumes; and vitamin A–rich vegetables.'
  text delete: 'variety of nutrient-dense foods, including vitamin' -> ''
  text delete: 'B12–rich protein sources such as meats, poultry,' -> ''
===== page 10
  para -+ Following the Dietary Guidelines can help prevent
  para -+ Individuals with certain chronic diseases may
  para -the onset or slow the rate of progression of chronic
  para -experience improved health outcomes when
  para -disease, especially cardiovascular disease, obesity,
  para -following a lower carbohydrate diet. Work with
  para -and type 2 diabetes. If you have a chronic disease,
  para -your health care professional to identify and adopt
  para -talk with your health care professional to see if you
  para -a diet that is appropriate for you and your health
  para -need to adapt the Dietary Guidelines to meet your
  para -condition.
  para -specific needs.
  para ++ Following the Dietary Guidelines can help prevent the onset or slow the rate of progression of chronic disease, especially cardiovascular disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes. If you have a chronic disease, talk with your health care professional to see if you need to adapt the Dietary Guidelines to meet your specific needs.
  para ++ Individuals with certain chronic diseases may experience improved health outcomes when following a lower carbohydrate diet. Work with your health care professional to identify and adopt a diet that is appropriate for you and your health condition.
  text delete: '+ Individuals with certain chronic diseases may' -> ''
  text delete: 'experience improved health outcomes when' -> ''
  text delete: 'following a lower carbohydrate diet. Work with' -> ''
  text delete: 'your health care professional to identify and adopt' -> ''
  text insert: '' -> 'need to adapt the Dietary Guidelines to meet your specific needs. + Individuals with certain chronic diseases may experience improved health outcomes when following a lower carbohydrate diet. Work with your health care professional to identify and adopt'
  text delete: 'need to adapt the Dietary Guidelines to meet your' -> ''
  text delete: 'specific needs.' -> ''
