=== page 190: paragraphs 3 -> 4; text equal: True; text without spaces equal: True
  @@ -3 +3,2 @@
  -ing them money.Our knowledge of the funding during this period,before the operatives entered the United States, remains murky.According to KSM, the Hamburg cell members each received $5,000 to pay for their return to Ger= many from Afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot, and they received additional funds for travel from Germany to the United States.Finan= cial transactions of the plotters are discussed in more detail in chapter 7. Requirements for a Successful Attack As some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the United States, al Qaeda’s leaders could have reflected on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international t
  +ing them money.Our knowledge of the funding during this period,before the operatives entered the United States, remains murky.According to KSM, the Hamburg cell members each received $5,000 to pay for their return to Ger= many from Afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot, and they received additional funds for travel from Germany to the United States.Finan= cial transactions of the plotters are discussed in more detail in chapter 7.
  +Requirements for a Successful Attack As some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the United States, al Qaeda’s leaders could have reflected on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international terrorist operation to inflict catastrophic harm.We believe such a list of requirements would have included
=== page 300: paragraphs 1 -> 3; text equal: True; text without spaces equal: True
  @@ -1 +1,3 @@
  -As of September 11, the Port Authority lacked any standard operating pro= cedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC. In particular, there were no standard operating procedures covering how different commands should communicate via radio during such an incident. The New York Police Department. The 40,000-officer NYPD was headed by a police commissioner,whose duties were not primarily operational but who retained operational authority. Much of the NYPD’s operational activities were run by the chief of department. In the event of a major emer= gency, a leading role would be played by the Special Operati
  +As of September 11, the Port Authority lacked any standard operating pro= cedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC. In particular, there were no standard operating procedures covering how different commands should communicate via radio during such an incident.
  +The New York Police Department. The 40,000-officer NYPD was headed by a police commissioner,whose duties were not primarily operational but who retained operational authority. Much of the NYPD’s operational activities were run by the chief of department. In the event of a major emer= gency, a leading role would be played by the Special Operations Division.This division included the Aviation Unit,which provided helicopters for surveys and rescues,and the Emergency Service Unit (ESU),which carried out specialized rescue missions.The NYPD had specific and detailed standard operating pro= cedures for the dispatch of officers to an incident, depending on the incident’s magnitude.16 The NYPD prec
  +The Fire Department of New York. The 11,000-member FDNY was headed by a fire commissioner who, unlike the police commissioner, lacked operational authority. Operations were headed by the chief of department— the sole five-star chief.19 The FDNY was organized in nine separate geographic divisions.Each divi= sion was further divided into between four to seven battalions. Each battalion contained typically between three and four engine companies and two to four ladder companies.In total,the FDNY had 205 engine companies and 133 lad= der companies. On-duty ladder companies consisted of a captain or lieutenant and five firefighters; on-duty engine companies consisted of a captain or lieutenant a
