=== page 47: paragraphs 15 -> 16; text equal: True; text without spaces equal: True
  @@ -6 +6,2 @@
  -Table A. Simplified view of the Federal Reserve balance sheet, as of June 24, 2020 The Federal Reserve publishes data weekly regarding its balance sheet. Assets (billions of dollars)
  +Table A. Simplified view of the Federal Reserve balance sheet, as of June 24, 2020 The Federal Reserve publishes data weekly regarding its balance sheet.
  +Assets (billions of dollars)
=== page 58: paragraphs 11 -> 12; text equal: True; text without spaces equal: True
  @@ -5 +5,2 @@
  -Broad-based lending only. Under amendments enacted under the Dodd-Frank Act, emergency lending programs under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act must be broad-based and not designed to support a single institution, among other requirements. In addition, Congress requires that the Federal Reserve ensure that taxpayers are protected against losses. Consistent with this, actions taken under section 13(3) authority are taken with the approval of the Treasury secretary. For a fuller discussion of how each of these lending tools works, see section 3, “Conducting Monetary Policy,” on page 16.
  +Broad-based lending only. Under amendments enacted under the Dodd-Frank Act, emergency lending programs under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act must be broad-based and not designed to support a single institution, among other requirements. In addition, Congress requires that the Federal Reserve ensure that taxpayers are protected against losses. Consistent with this, actions taken under section 13(3) authority are taken with the approval of the Treasury secretary.
  +For a fuller discussion of how each of these lending tools works, see section 3, “Conducting Monetary Policy,” on page 16.
=== page 91: paragraphs 11 -> 12; text equal: True; text without spaces equal: True
  @@ -7 +7,2 @@
  -Congress creates the Federal Reserve System, giving it the authority to establish a nationwide check-clearing system to eliminate system inefficiencies and inequities. The Federal Reserve Banks establish Fedwire, the world’s first wire transfer system. The Federal Reserve Banks begin operating their automated clearinghouse service. The Monetary Control Act reaffirms the Federal Reserve’s role in providing payment services. The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act enables the transformation of the check-collection system from a paper-based to a virtually all-electronic system. The Board drafted this law, collaborating with various payment system stakeholders, and the Federal Reserve Banks
  +Congress creates the Federal Reserve System, giving it the authority to establish a nationwide check-clearing system to eliminate system inefficiencies and inequities.
  +The Federal Reserve Banks establish Fedwire, the world’s first wire transfer system. The Federal Reserve Banks begin operating their automated clearinghouse service. The Monetary Control Act reaffirms the Federal Reserve’s role in providing payment services. The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act enables the transformation of the check-collection system from a paper-based to a virtually all-electronic system. The Board drafted this law, collaborating with various payment system stakeholders, and the Federal Reserve Banks provided services to accelerate this transformation.
